welcome net nas you will both already see chile
certainly a new video in which
will seal a good application this time is
a very fun and entertaining game in
the one that we will have to kill zombies with a
car
the game zombie steals trip is a game
pretty funny entertaining and even
affordable for any terminal since
it does not have very amazing graphics
but enough to enjoy a
great quality in which apart from being able
enjoy this quality the game is
quite affordable and fun and we're going to
we had to give him a ride to
start playing twice the first time
would be to choose between receiving these
four options to give us more life or
have a nitro poster or get
a new currency for each zone and that
let's kill if we do not want any, not the
we bought would cost us at the price that
we would put down here the next one that
we would have in total we go to the network that
it would be to drive it and for example
I have customized myself to have this laser
how do you see this red pointer that would be
to aim with higher quality and
precision is not that it serves much
but it is a pimp and might
also customize all our car
what to say is a game also very
customizable
the game has a very controls
simple the car goes alone as you can
check and we have a series of buttons
to
lower right on the left
bottom of the mobile where it would be for
turn to the left or to the
right if we hold for a period
of short time so now in a
repeat what I teach you see it we keep and
we can go around and do this
turn or looking like we want to call it
it would give us more experience in the bar
from above to get a nitro for
get nitro and let us go more
fast and we can go up and do more
meters that more meters equals more
coins and coins to more weapons more
cars and more of everything if we have bad not
It would be slower mode and the car
otherwise we could catch the horde before
of zombies that comes from behind every
Once we move to a different town what
we can do is
earn more score and get more
speed and a little bit of time to
recover from the growth of
zombies as you see I have been able to overcome
the first fairly simple villages
but you get not flight a level so
say it is quite complicated if
we killed these types of birds that
they carry like paper that would be called
lottery would be for then how does the
game can get
more more zombie coins in a way
much simpler
Also, as you can see, it seemed like a
little sign down there in which
would mean that they are a series of
missions that they have to get more
money and as you say down here I have
three and a little star that would be
the tickets and the lottery that got
killing three different birds of that
and here would be the missions of the
sciences types divisions we're going to
continue and lottery we would have to
make turns
to give us a type of lottery or in a
type of prize in which he would haul from
the 500 from the five hundred coins
up to ten coins and if we do not want
do that what we could do
it would simply be to go to the bottom
and give casting that would be like selling
what of that ticket for 25
coins I recommend that you do it already
that you lose nothing and surely
get a much higher prize to
and now I'm going to show you what is the
different characteristics that it has of
construction this game
we could choose this type of cars that
they could be even unbeatable
weapons mean weapons in English and
we could choose everything if you are from a
pistolite we can also get
gadgets that would be like improvements and
advantages that the game would give them
we could improve and everything if it has
liked this game and you're going to try it
you never have to leave your likes and if not
you are going to try and you have not liked it yet
10a dislike but if in the case
of Claire, I would like you to leave me
because you left me if the likes
so if they want referees like this one or
even better
subscribe to this has been all for
us in a next video